DO NOT MERGE: Temperature units (#1)
larsbarring/cf-conventions: appc.adoc

are for some multiple of the standard error, the `standard_error`
ancillary variable should have an attribute
**`standard_error_multiplier`** stating the multiplication factor.

> Note that for temperature the `standard error` is always a "difference" quantity,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for temperature the `standard error` is always a difference quantity,
```

> even if the "parent data" is a "position-on-scale" quantity (cf. Section 3.1.1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
even when the "parent data" is a position-on-scale quantity (see <<special-units>>).
```
